README.md, before:

---
layout: home
title: Stat 999
nav_exclude: true
permalink: /:path/
seo:
  type: Course
  name: Stat 999
---

# Short Title of Class
{: .mb-2 }
UC Berkeley
{: .mb-0 .fs-6 .text-grey-dk-000 }


## Offerings

[//]: # (Items below should be of the form [Semester YYYY](semester-year)

[//]: # (Notably the paths should not have leading slashes in real sites.)

1. [Spring 2023 (Quarto)](/stat999-quarto)
1. [Fall 2024 (MyST)](/stat999-myst)

## Overview

This is a GitHub Pages template based on Just the Class, developed for the purpose of quickly deploying course overview websites. Such websites link to previous course offerings, provide a summary of what the course is about, and may list learning goals and prerequisites. This paragraph would normally be replaced by an overview of a specific course, and could include information from the [Berkeley Academic Guide](https://guide.berkeley.edu/courses/stat/).

When instantiating this template, change:

  - `README.md`
    - the `title` and `name` fields in the frontmatter
    - the "Short Title of Class" heading to be the course name followed by its title in the Academic Guide, e.g. "Stat 555: Adventures in Class Websites"
    - add an initial entry in the Offerings section
    - the Overview section and Prequisites, based on content in the [Academic Guide](https://guide.berkeley.edu/courses/stat/)

  - `_config.yml`
    - Set `baseurl` to be the empty string, ''.
    - Set `url` to be the institutional address, e.g. https://stat555.stat.berkeley.edu

## Goals

- **Do** list some goals for the course here.

- **Or do not** list some goals.

- **Decide** if this section is relevant.

## Prerequisites
While we are working to make this class widely accessible, we currently require the following (or equivalent) prerequisites:

1. **Name of First Class:** Stat 555 covers important things.

1. **Some Other Class:** Stat 777 covers other topics.

Commit message:

Auto-generate README.md and _config.yml.

README.md, after:

---
layout: home
title: Stat 135: Concepts of Statistics
nav_exclude: true
permalink: /:path/
seo:
  type: Course
  name: Stat 135: Concepts of Statistics
---

# Stat 135: Concepts of Statistics
{: .mb-2 }
UC Berkeley
{: .mb-0 .fs-6 .text-grey-dk-000 }


## Offerings

[//]: # (Items below should be of the form [Semester YYYY](semester-year)

[//]: # (Notably the paths should not have leading slashes in real sites.)

[//]: # 1. [Spring 2023 (Quarto)](/stat999-quarto)
[//]: # 1. [Fall 2024 (MyST)](/stat999-myst)

## Overview

A comprehensive survey course in statistical theory and methodology. Topics include descriptive statistics, maximum likelihood estimation, non-parametric methods, introduction to optimality, goodness-of-fit tests, analysis of variance, bootstrap and computer-intensive methods and least squares estimation. The laboratory includes computer-based data-analytic applications to science and engineering. 

## Prerequisites

STAT 134 or STAT 140; and MATH 54, EL ENG 16A, STAT 89A, MATH 110 or equivalent linear algebra. Strongly recommended corerequisite: STAT 133.
